update solid guide content (to reflect their beta 2) (#14221)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-solid-site.md

At the time of writing SolidStart is in beta, this may make the following guide inaccurate in the event of a breaking change.

> _Note: This guide is based on the [Beta 2 version](https://github.com/solidjs/solid-start/discussions/1052)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: This guide is based on the [SolidStart Beta 2 version](https://github.com/solidjs/solid-start/discussions/1052)_
```

{{<render file="_c3-adapter.md">}}

> In order to use configure SolidStart so that it can be deployed to Cloudflare pages, appropriately update its config file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to configure SolidStart so that it can be deployed to Cloudflare pages, update its config file like so:
```

Author: 😓 👍
